hey guys I thought I'd show you what's
in the July edition of glossy box it's
called this from a splash edition which
I think it's fantastic and they tweeted
a picture of the box design for this
month on to it's obvious uh-huh where
are they - is it right and I just fell
in love
oh my gosh so pretty so I arrived today
and yeah I've had to keep quiet about it
for let's say over a week and it's
becoming because some really wants to
share with you guys but now I'm gonna
talk about it and the box itself this
little starfish and coral and I'm
absolutely 100% going to use this box
for storage because it's so frickin
pretty it comes with this little little
cut with some products that they used to
do it on a carp it's more like a little
booklet now oh it's called sea sky / not
some splash sees less but so so pretty
and then it tells you about everything
you get in the box so let's see what
we've got in here I just I really don't
like everything first of all see I'd say
nail polish which I've never used before
of never use the brand see I'd say this
one is in the shape of gossip really
nice shade dries really quickly quite
pigmented really looking forward to
wearing this it's just beautiful and
this is of course the full-size 13.5
mill really lovely color I believe the
other one that they are offering is card
more on the orange tone this is an
absolutely denim coral beautiful so
that's full size now no tracks the otter
but I'm always always wanted to try a
new nail polish brand new to me anyway
so that was a that was a good start I
like them another little thing in the
Box is by oh cool a and it's a some fact
to 20 face mineral sunscreen and it's
also a tinted moisturizer it's organic
Sun care it's just a little little duty
size and it is tinted it's fantastic I
use this today
I'm turning point makeup I will be dr.
Sharpe platinum BB cream revellings yes
I did because it's really sunny and it's
lovely it's a really nice tint quite
nice coverage if you don't want to wear
any makeup at all we found
against a fax 20 so I really like that I
like that little sample of that another
thing that I absolutely loved is by a
conical bamboo and oh no sorry they
called
altona I've heard about Turner before
it's their bamboo style boho waves
tassel textured mist with a gang bamboo
blue yucca root for sustainable style I
love I love sprays like this I never I
never want to kind of like plump for a
big version because they're so mean like
sea salt spray the beach wave sprays and
I just stand there and usually in boots
and go and I never know what to buy so I
thought it was fantastic that they said
it's all about this in this box this
month can't wish try this now try it yet
oh it smells nice it smells really nice
and it says it gives an instant just
back from the beach wave as texture
volume and shine to all hair types and
you can you just don't damp or dry hair
so that's by alterna nice size I believe
that's 25 mil fantastic nice little size
that's before taken to the menu or away
two more things this is fantastic
what the you say fantastic that's
true this I'm so excited guys because
this is like the best box I've had from
blossom ups in a long time so I'm very
excited that I will use everything in
this box this is great this is by enter
Co and it's the pure coconut refreshing
dry shampoo paraben free this is a
full-size I love dry shampoo I love dry
shampoo if you watch my favorite she'll
know that I did kind of like a mini
review of the into
citrus dry shampoo with the batiste and
now I have another one this actually
smells amazing and then saving the best
for last
at least that's what I think saving the
best for last I have been looking for
ages for like a spritzing mist for the
face and I've been I keep going
everywhere I try to find the Evian
version and they've stopped making it
where I had with bizarre they don't sell
it anywhere they don't say in Boots the
don't certain super dark I believe they
sell it at Debenhams online but you know
it's something really I always want to
buy on a whim I want to wander about and
I think are going to look for the
and they never have it I don't wanna
order it I don't paid 3 pound whatever
delivery for something that money plus
about eight quid anyway that seems
ridiculous I just wanted a face mist and
I can't find them I know they do they
like these she do mineral waters and
here's the other one
anyway they do stuff like that but
they're kind of they're kind of
expensive and it's not relieve the thing
that I warm I think their men are also
more for kind of like when you're
cleansing and the night I just like open
spray over my makeup and I don't get the
impression with the Vichy that you can
spray that if you're makeup because it's
beautiful stuff but I think it's more as
part of skincare routine than it is like
a quick like face refresher which is why
I kind of spoiled when I open the box
that's all of this this is why
anatomical can I have nope I did they
did a face mist this is this great
mystery for me facial spritz it has
lavender in it it also has witch hazel
and rose and you can use this I've
didn't I wasn't quite sure whether you
could use this over your makeup but it's
just that you can in the little of a
little thing here and I tried it today
before I went out and when I finished my
makeup and it's really nice it's a
fantastic fantastic it smells so nice
best this is the full-size which is
fantastic but how much is it six pounds
right it's six pounds so I think this is
just as good as mac fix+ hey I mean I
just think it I think it's just as good
so I was very excited about that
it's such nice stuff smells lovely music
a new makeup very excited about that
absolute favorite so I hope you enjoyed
that guys I hope that was helpful if you
want to sign up for Boston box it's ten
pounds a month bust pushers and packing
and you can click the link down below
I'll put it just at the top here in the
description box and that will take you
to the sign up page you can have one
month or even a rolling subscription you
can choose whatever kind of package you
want for you and yeah let's hope that
the August box is just as exciting so I
will see you guys in my next video bye
well